[Music]
so Riley how was the first day of school
uh I guess something's wrong
signal the husband
she's looking at us what did she say
sorry sir no one's listening is it
garbage night we left the toilet seat up
what is it woman what
[Music]
I'm joy mrs. sadness that's anger god
this is disgusting
and that's fear we're Riley's emotions
these are Riley's memories they're
mostly happy you'll notice not to brag I
wanted to maybe hold one what happened
sadness she did something to the memory
is everything okay thank you fat joy joy
No
can I say that curse work now we have a
major problem
aller where's joy was here we can fix
this we just have to get back to
headquarters that's long term memory you
could get lost in there think positive
okay I'm positive you will get lost in
there there are no bears in San
Francisco I saw a really hairy guy he
looked like a bear
[Music]
it's place is huge Imaginationland know
what dream productions rainbow unicorns
right there I loved you in fairy dream
adventure part 7 ok bye I love you
[Music]
just congratulations San
Francisco you've ruined pizza
[Music]